INTRODUCTION AND DATASET OVERVIEW
Within months, COVID-19 Int from an epidemic to a pandemic. From the first identified case in December 2019 in China, the virus spread so fast and widely that it brought the entire world to a hold. Apart from its effect on the health of individuals, it has also scarred the economy to a great extent.
The datassource used in the analysis is accredited to : contact.sunky@gmail.com ; who has put together an excel sheet from various news sources citing COVID-19 cases in their country. He has made an extraordinary effort to put together data in different columns such as symptom onset date, exposure date, gender, recovered date or death date, etc. I considered this data set over other more cleaned data sets available online because this reflected the most heterogeneous data set and provided us an opportunity to deploy many time series learnings such as time series, random/fixed effect and survival analysis.

SURVIVAL ANALYSIS
With the given data set, there are two key events – 1) Death 2) Recovery. I decided to incorporate Survival Analysis technique to study the amount of time it takes before a death/recovery occurs for subjects with COVID-19 disease. This analysis has a unique advantage of including the cases that have experienced the event and the cases that have not. It also provides the base to add strata of different features on the event and see if one groups performs better than the other. For the case in point, I decided to incorporate survival rate and the recovery rate of male vs female and age binsHere is the key analysis overview in brief:1) Who has a better survival rate – male/female (Event: Death)2) Who has a better recovery rate – male female (Event: Recovery)3) Who has a better survival rate –age brackets 0-20 /20-40 /40-60/ 60-80/ 80+ (Event: Death)4) Who has a better recovery rate – age brackets 0-20 /20-40 /40-60/ 60-80/ 80+ (Event: Recovery)
Trial 1 : I first ran the analysis on segregated recovery and death data along with censored data as I wanted to consider one event at a time.Trial 2: I then considered one data set where I just Int ahead and assumed the other event time to be infinity(I used the value 120 in this case).